I'm Julian and Retta with Jeter Sporting
Goods Ltd out of a trot North Carolina
we distribute PLO bicycles this is the
PNR LOF be to the naked frame make a
carbon fiber weave it's called the black
on black Bob this bike we're showing
with the 105 and Peter Olo has been
doing carbon fiber bikes since the early
90s for proteins they have a lot of
experience with the carbon fiber they
have a special contract with troika they
get all their carbon from from this
brands very high end they do a lot of
aerospace technology with this carbon
fiber so with all P Nerello bikes they
use a non de fork system beyond amines
the wave in Italian so vibrations travel
in a straight line when you're when
you're riding beyond de the wave breaks
those vibrations dampens the ride and
those vibrations as they come up towards
the body so you have a really really
smooth ride while having a rigid carbon
fiber frame you also had that same
system in the rear you have an oversized
tubing which gives the bike a really
aggressive look people really like that
look now for carbon fiber frames very
aggressive price point with this 105
it's around 20 350 you have the black on
black color scheme white black and red
we also do an alter grip build we have a
SkyTeam color P Nerello and sky have a
really great relationship right now
we're sharing technologies with the time
trial bike they are in the wind tunnel
doing testing and that's the blue color
scheme has become very very popular for
the funeral bikes we have a rival
component system and I'll say grow with
this fb2 and this is a bike where it's
maybe a couple hundred dollars above
some other competitors but we tell our
retailers in our in our bike shops just
get a person on to the onto the bike let
them ride around the block and for that
couple extra hundred more you'll really
feel the differences in the ride of a
patina reloj very smooth very strong
bike and they look very very aggressive
in a very beautiful very beautiful
design as well